i used to think that there's a few
things as exciting as being a medical
student in a city like
london so with that in mind i thought
i'd share the realities of
one of the most anti-climatic and
homolone days out there
to balance it out after the universe has
teased me with beautiful weather and
in-person clinical examinations earlier
in the week it seems
only fair that today it's just me and my
computer
all day the morning starts with a
lecture in the background as i prepare
breakfast i think because i've been
snacking cooking or
full-on eating during all of my lectures
since lockdown started
i've turned into someone who never takes
lecture notes anymore
and honestly i see absolutely no
difference in my results
so i think i'm guiltlessly sticking to
this from now on it continues for the
next few hours
with small breaks which i spend catching
up on the latest karma cast i'm
currently studying emergency medicine
and trauma
which is in competition with neurology
for my favorite specialty a few meals
later
calmly eating in front of the most gory
images of trauma
i begin to wonder at what point in my
medical training
i lost my normal queasiness to such
images to try and regain some connection
to my past self
i proceeded to call my mum and
compensate for being talked to for the
last 7 hours
by talking non-stop to her for the next
20 minutes i have half an hour before my
evening work
and choosing to ignore the part of my
brain suggesting i actually do something
healthy and go on a walk
i rather proceed to pick up a delivery
instead
i get way too emotional about thank you
gifts
especially when they're food so i have
the best time eating some more
and looking at the city to relax the
lenses in my eye a bit before sitting
right back in front of my computer work
is a fun group call today
where we brainstorm video ideas for each
other after my art being brought up i
start to feel i really want to draw
so immediately after i spend an hour
blasting music
and doing exactly that i still have work
to do
so i decide that sleeping late helps me
be more numb for the abbis that is the
next day
i try to shop for a birthday gift for a
friend before giving up on myself
and writing my newsletter for this week
which you can sign up to if you're not
scared of seeing how my mind works
and then i actually watch a movie before
you all think i'm a fun person for doing
this
i feel i need to clarify it's for
research for a video i'm planning to
make
basically any excuse to watch leonardo
dicaprio
before i end the night i'd just like to
ask you if you made it so far
have you ever thought of watching movies
sped up what are your feelings on that
as always thank you for spending the day
with me here's to hoping we're back to
more fun away from the screen soon bye